Update Go pdk docs (#3698)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.8.x/reference/external-plugins.md

plugin server using a different configuration style. Starting with {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.3,
the old style is recognized and internally transformed to the new style.

> **Note**: the legacy configuration is deprecated in {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.8.0, to be
> removed in {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.important}
> The legacy configuration is deprecated in {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.8.0 and 
> planned to be removed in {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0.0.
```

Notes:

> - Usage of the legacy style is discouraged; it is deprecated as of {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.8.0, to be
> removed in {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the legacy style is discouraged; it is deprecated as of {{site.base_gateway}} version 2.8.0, 
and planned to be removed in {{site.base_gateway}} version 3.0.0.
```

- The legacy configuration doesn't allow multiple plugin servers.
- Version 0.5.0 of [go-pluginserver] requires the old style configuration.

> - The new style configuration requires v0.6.0 of [go-pluginserver].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The new configuration style requires v0.6.0 of [go-pluginserver].
```

> #### Updating from legacy to embedded server style
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Updating from legacy to embedded server style

In embedded server mode, the plugin itself acts as the plugin server, 
so the external `go-pluginserver` is no longer required.

```

> The update from the legacy configuration to embedded plugin server style encompasses
> the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update legacy configuration to embedded plugin server style configuration with
the following steps:
```

1. Add a `main()` function that calls `server.StartServer(New, Version, Priority)`.
2. Ensure that properties `go_plugins_dir` and `go_pluginserver_exe` are not set
in your Kong configuration file or environment variable.
3. Set configuration according to [Kong Gateway plugin server configuration](#kong-gateway-plugin-server-configuration).

> Note that, in this mode, the plugin itself acts as the plugin server; as such
> the external go-pluginserver is no longer required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moving this to the start of the section.

> Check out the [go-plugins](https://github.com/Kong/go-plugins/tree/v0.5.0) repository for an example of the required updates; plugins with the `-lm` suffix correspond to the legacy method, while those without the suffix
> correspond to the embedded plugin server approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [go-plugins](https://github.com/Kong/go-plugins/tree/v0.5.0) repository for an example of the required updates. Plugins with the `-lm` suffix correspond to the legacy method, while those without the suffix
correspond to the embedded plugin server approach.
```

## Developing Go plugins

> {{site.base_gateway}} support for the Go language consist of the [go-pdk], a library that provides Go functions to access {{site.base_gateway}} features of the [PDK][kong-pdk].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} supports the Go language with the [go-pdk], a library that provides Go functions to access {{site.base_gateway}} features of the [PDK][kong-pdk].
```

there are no guarantees about the lifetime or quantity of configuration
instances.

#### 3. main() Function

Each plugin is compiled as a standalone executable. Include `github.com/Kong/go-pdk/server` in
the imports list, and add a `main()` function:

```go
func main () {
  server.StartServer(New, Version, Priority)
}
```

> Note that the `main()` function must have a `package main` line at the
> top of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `main()` function must have a `package main` line at the
top of the file.
```

> Then, a standard Go build creates an executable. There is no extra go-pluginserver,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, a standard Go build creates an executable. There is no extra `go-pluginserver`,
```

> no plugin loading, and no compiler/library/environment compatibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no plugin loading, and no compiler, library, or environment compatibility issues.
```
